these men risk their lives to come see
you here tonight thank you so much and
vice versa thanks for ella bumping will
you do me a favor and start doing that
and public so people see you because I
feel like no one's gonna do if they see
me do it whether they see you do
it they may it may catch I could do that
thank you I could do that I was thinking
more than me knock or something but me
is good too but it discriminates against
people who can't stand on one their yeah
now yeah there are other concern but I
think that's the easiest way to go now
you are what is your mentality about
this are you shaking hands with people
are you taking selfies what are you
doing to protect yourself what a good
question I'm gonna put a different way
what are you doing to protect Vin Diesel
who in a way belongs to all of us
[Laughter]
are you being careful I literally belong
when I when I'm doing a stunt or when
I'm doing a combat scene just last week
we were filming uh-huh and I'm doing
this big scene with 15 people and
they're trying to stop my head and you
know sometimes people are a little off
and they kick me in the jaw while I'm
doing this scene and I'm thinking about
you guys because another personal
question where do you stand on daylight
savings time for or against or saving
time as they call it okay so yeah just
yesterday mm-hmm it's about 11 o'clock
and uncle Ludacris is there okay uncle
Lorenz tape and all our kids are there
and about 11 o'clock I look at everybody
and I say these kids should be sleeping
right and they're getting away with
murder
uh-huh they're not acting like they're
tired uh-huh that daylight savings your
guys are really I think we should
rethink that I think you're right we
have to get rid of it I think we should
how old are the kids now you have three
kids right Pauline turns five next week
oh okay
your little one yeah on Saturday uh-huh
were you like what do you do load the
car up with Clorox wipes and head to
chuck-e-cheese or what we'll you know I
have to think about the guest list I
mean last year she wanted post Malone
and sway Lee to perform but she she when
I said who do you want to come to your
party oh I don't know my my friends like
uncle Ludacris she was on the Ludacris
to be there so that's it but but what's
sweet about that is his daughter cadence
and my daughter they were first friends
together that's nice that's kind of cute
bacon yeah and then when you see them
playing together you're just
and the pressures a little bit off you
you know yeah totally
so okay - see you bye it's very good to
see you - you're always so amazing oh
thanks with the state of the world right
now all of you are here and you all look
so excited to be here
that's gotta say something that's gonna
say something about hooking people up
proud of them and I'm not gonna point
any fingers nothing hey this is the new
flaunt magazine which it's the home
issue and in the whole issue I want to
ask what is your appealing on birds oh
good question okay so it's uh I'm from
New York
uh-huh so I also really pigeons right
there those are really good yeah are
they and but I guess growing up I was
always worried about pigeons you know
coming through the window or whatever
right and then and then I saw on the
waterfront and then I thought I had a
newfound on the water from the Marlon
Brando movie and now he loves visions he
was and so I started to think that maybe
as an actor I needed to love pigeons
so that was fought in the magazine and
then on the flaunt website this is a
follow up photo from the pigeon
[Applause]
so this we're gonna talk about bloodshot
in a minute but I want to ask you about
fast and furious nine because it's
coming out in May ain't it
and I'm always interested in how you are
you add new pizzas I think what does the
trailer have 150 million views yes 115
million views yes at certain point you
just make a trailer and forget about the
whole movie because you made a dollar
off each one of those views you'd be
fired but anyway this movie has now
you've added some interesting members to
the team yes who have you added to the
team on this one um John Cena such a
blessing to work with and and was so
incredible we obviously we have Helen
Mirren Helen Mirren right funny but now
we're used to this yeah obviously
Charlize Charlize Theron and my daughter
wanted my daughter wanted a piece of
casting too to happen so cardi B is in
it your daughter said to you dad will
you put cardi B in the movie and you
said oh that's a good idea it's a great
idea and then how do I like it like that
do you call cardi B then and say hey
we'd love to have you in the movie well
you have to go through writers and yet
write create a role that would work for
the for the mythology do you have people
hitting you up specifically to be part
of the film's range enough 20 years ago
you wouldn't have thought this but now
we do have oscar winners all asking
write a part of the film it's bizarre
well they see that like can you name any
particular or if you could choose one of
these Oscar winners who would you want
that's a great question uh-huh I may
give away a little too much if I
oh is that right yeah because there's
some secrets that have to be icing so
you have it close to the vest for the
audience because I belong to them
you're taking this tee citizen idea too
soon all right we come back we're gonna
take a break we see you a clip from the
new one it's called bloodshot
Vin Diesel is here wait and offline find
him and shut it down kill him if you
have to
yeah that one was my idea
[Music]
it opens Friday I like it already
the blood shot is a comic book character
like shot as a comic book character from
comic series comic dowling in comics New
York Times bestseller and what is it
what is the story about blood shot what
is his thing he's a soldier um who is
enhanced with nanites and nanites
mm-hmm and I said it's blood that give
him allow him to regenerate and give him
all these superpowers mm-hmm and you but
but the story is an interesting story it
guy Pierce is in it yeah yeah right um
it's kind of a mind puzzle the story so
much so that guy Pierce while he was
filming two months into filming says
thank God I did memento before doing it
because I wouldn't want this did this at
all he opens on a Friday the 13th are
you superstitious at all isn't that a
great day to open I guess I don't know
is it is it your mother into astrology
like I think we talked about at one time
a long time ago now when you see she's
into it is she just consuming it or
she's sharing like that she called when
they were younger that's how she made a
living she would that was charged she
did it do you hurt their charts yeah
would she do that for you she used to
say she couldn't do it for me because it
was too close
and she would be biased isn't it
supposed to be though very specific as
to what time you were born what day you
were born and does so the personal stuff
comes into it as well yes yeah
the way she did it yeah way she did it
well she got a master's in psychology to
back it
uh-huh really yeah she she so was she
working as like a psychologist at the
time as well yeah would she ever
combined them essentially really yeah
wow that was her that she's and when
insurance covered the whole thing then
that's a great question season so what's
on you I'm a Scorpio what's your moon a
Scorpio
do you know your moon and your rising I
know no I don't know it sounds but I
don't know your rising uncle do often
guess what my sign is weirdly they seem
to know it right off the bat
other thoughts your friend is Michael
Caine correct yes how did how old is
Michael Caine now ah
and how did you guys become friends
that's a very good question
oh we were at a party
uh-huh Oscar party maybe 15 years ago
and he was across the room and they came
over and I was doing some Michael Caine
impressions at some point
oh and a caddie comes over he said you
to me I know who you are I love you and
a huge fan of his uh-huh and I quoted
every line from Alfie and and then he
invited me to his birthday party
oh and I had just cast Dame Judi Dench
for Chronicles of Riddick okay and he
had a big head and he said you know who
you would really love to work with also
Helen Mirren and this was 15 years ago
and we just became the best of friends
Wow I do texts and stuff well we go to
dinner and you go to dinner and if while
I was in London filming fast when I
wasn't able to come off set when I was
working the 18 hours he would take my
kids to dinner
really Wow Ludacris he doesn't take when
Paulie was about to be born the doctor
had said she was going to be born in
April and he and we were at we had
dinner we did obviously the last witch
hunter together mm-hmm in Pittsburgh and
we're at dinner and
he says to me no Pauline's gonna be born
on the 14th I said why can't he say cuz
that's my birthday and lo and behold she
was born on the foot what's his moon
what's his rising do you know that was
low
[Applause]
I am Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet
I made it myself hit subscribe if you
liked it